Socket Pong external documentation

The game is a simple Pong clone. Player is the right paddle, aim to get get the ball past the other paddle. 
I am using web sockets for the client to tell the server what the ball's location is, if it is out of bounds on the X axis (<0 and >1280) then it would tell the client someone scored.
The server also keeps track of the score, and sends it to the client.

Q/A

Q: The game is broken, why?
A: This was the first time I have written a Javascript game since highschool, so im a little rusty, and its also my first time working with Web Sockets (socket.io). 
    The websockets work, but some of the game logic is a bit broken under some certain circumstances - See known bugs below

Q: Why Pong? 
A: Pong is still fun? Right? - It was simple enough to implement in a few days

Q: Why not use a game library/engine
A: I haven't really worked with any and wanted to keep the project as simple as possible, same goes for Express and its static files.

Q: AI is pretty terrible
A: Time constraints. 

Q: Multiplayer?
A: It was something I did want to implement - an Overwatch-esque matchmaker similar to their play vs AI mode, but it got pushed out of scope pretty fast.

Q: Do you plan on continuing this project?
A: Probably. I have come this far, might as well polish it up more, add multiplayer. Sockets are fun. 

Q: What would you do differently?
A: Move a lot more of the code to the client. Basically everything except the canvas graphics code. This would help with any cheating as well, as client side javascript is easy to modify.
    It would have removed some of the bad code involved like my workaround to get the ball to reset.
    Clean up the code more, better variable names etc.
    Difficulty would have been nice to implement, it would be just a matter of changing the sizes of the paddles, making the ball slower, AI paddle slower etc.
    Allow for more than one instance of the game to run at once, done with usernames, generated socket.io room id's and a lobby to find games. 


Known Bugs

1. Scores aren't entirely centre - need to be adjusted to the centre, not top left
2. The collision on the paddles are basically broken, the first hit works, but after the server resets the ball its broken.
3. Reset button doesn't work.
4. Only one instance of the game will work at once.


Hopefully by the time you are reading this I have put the project on the internet, probably Monday (May 15th) or Tuesday (May 16th) 
It should be avalible at http://159.203.5.222 or https://159.203.5.222 with a Digital Ocean Ubuntu Server. I will be buying a cheap domain for it, probably http://socketpong.space. 


Feel free to contact me with any questions!

Stephen
